Plan.md, before:

# Project-Plan

* [Overview](#overview)
* [User Stories](#user-stories)
* [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criterias)
* [Wireframe](#wireframe)

## Overview

Extract dancesport competition data using appropriate API. Populate database with data both historic and current. Analyse data and showcase findings in a streamlit application.

Ideas for Comparitive Analysis:
- TBC

## Resources

### DATA SOURCE

- [WDSF API](https://services.worlddancesport.org/api/1) provides WDSF competition results. Free to use, but most register for to obtain username and password for authentication.

### TECHNOLOGIES

- Python Libraries:
    - [Requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) provides a way of connecting to API via the web.
    - [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) or [Psycopg2](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) provides a way of connecting to Pagila database.
    - [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/) simplifies data handling: allows creating and manipulating DataFrame or Series Objects.

## User Stories

1. 

## Acceptance Criteria

## Wireframe

Commit message:

Extract data from API and store in arrays temporarily

Plan.md, after:

# Project-Plan

* [Overview](#overview)
* [User Stories](#user-stories)
* [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criterias)
* [Wireframe](#wireframe)

## Overview

Extract dancesport competition data using appropriate API. Populate database with data both historic and current. Analyse data and showcase findings in a streamlit application.

The World DanceSport Federation (WDSF) launched its 'Professional Division' in 2010. Dancers within the organisation in the styles of Ballroom and Latin will eventually want to comepete at the highest level, which will be within this division. Therefore the data of interest will be restricted to finalists of competitions held within the professional division since 2010.

Ideas for Comparitive Analysis:
- TBC

## Resources

### DATA SOURCE

- [WDSF API](https://services.worlddancesport.org/api/1) provides WDSF competition results. Free to use, but most register for to obtain username and password for authentication.

### TECHNOLOGIES

- Python Libraries:
    - [Requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) provides a way of connecting to API via the web.
    - [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) or [Psycopg2](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) provides a way of connecting to Pagila database.
    - [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/) simplifies data handling: allows creating and manipulating DataFrame or Series Objects.

## User Stories

1. 

## Acceptance Criteria

## Wireframe
